That Mr. Ye
What are your plans next?
Are you really going to vote?
Real estate on Nanhai Island
If the stock market in August was a big hole
Then Nanhai Island Real Estate
It's sinkhole.
What you said before
But that's what I said specifically to Wang Pan
Who believes who is unlucky
Oh, Mr. Takaba.
Your tricks are too high
5 days short 5 days
We can go out with almost half of our family
Go on like this
Our family is really doomed
Dad, do I remember going down?
Yan civilization once said before
Nanhai real estate daughter new products
Xinye's brother really said that
It was my lie and I heard it
You can ask him.
OK, OK.
What do you want to say about whether the stock is unbought?
still
Your eyes are surprisingly good
This time, since he said it
Nanhai Island will not force the sea
For example, if I bet with him
Okay, I'll leave it to you. Okay